Search filters

    allintext: Searches for occurrences of all specified keywords in the page’s text.
    Example: allintext:"keyword"
    intext: Searches for occurrences of keywords all at once or individually in the text.
    Example: intext:"keyword"
    inurl: Finds URLs that contain one of the keywords.
    Example: inurl:"keyword"
    allinurl: Searches for URLs containing all the specified keywords.
    Example: allinurl:"keyword"
    intitle: Searches for occurrences of keywords in the page’s title (can match some or all).
    Example: intitle:"keyword"
    allintitle: Finds pages where all specified keywords are in the title.
    Example: allintitle:"keyword"
    site: Limits search results to a specific website.
    Example: site:"www.google.com"
    filetype: Searches for specific file types (e.g., PDF, DOC).
    Example: filetype:"pdf"
    link: Finds external links pointing to a specific page.
    Example: link:"keyword"
    numrange: Locates numbers within a specified range.
    Example: numrange:321-325
    before/after: Searches within a specified date range.
    Example: filetype:pdf & (before:2000-01-01 after:2001-01-01)
    allinanchor/inanchor: Finds sites with links containing specified keywords.
    Example: inanchor:rat
    allinpostauthor/inpostauthor: Searches blog posts written by a specific author.
    Example: allinpostauthor:"keyword"
    related: Lists web pages similar to a specified URL.
    Example: related:www.google.com
    cache: Shows the cached version of a web page.
    Example: cache:www.google.com

Search Term

This operator searches for the exact phrase within speech marks only. This is ideal when the phrase you are using to search is ambiguous and could be easily confused with something else, or when you’re not quite getting relevant enough results back. For example:

"Tinned Sandwiches"

OR

This self explanatory operator searches for a given search term OR an equivalent term.

site:facebook.com | site:twitter.com

AND

site:facebook.com & site:twitter.com

Operators combination.

(site:facebook.com | site:twitter.com) & intext:"login"
(site:facebook.com | site:twitter.com) (intext:"login")

Include results

This will order results by the number of occurrences of the keyword.

-site:facebook.com +site:facebook.*

Exclude results

site:Facebook.* -site:facebook.com

Synonyms

Adding a tilde to a search word tells Google that you want it to bring back synonyms for the term as well. For example, entering “~set” will bring back results that include words like “configure”, “collection” and “change” which are all synonyms of “set”. Fun fact: “set” has the most definitions of any word in the dictionary.

~set

Glob pattern (*)

Putting an asterisk in a search tells Google ‘I don’t know what goes here’. Basically, it’s really good for finding half remembered song lyrics or names of things.

site:*.com

Happy Searching !!!:)